DOC-2255: Fix description of flowThreadPoolSize in Corda Configuration Field pages (#362)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.2/enterprise/corda-configuration-file.md

FAIL_FAST (no initial attempts, no reconnect attempts), CONTINUOUS_RETRY (infinite initial and reconnect attempts, starting retry interval of 5 seconds with an exponential back-of multiplier of 1.5 up for up to 5 minutes retry interval).*Default:* DEFAULTList of Artemis Server back-up addresses. If any back-ups are specified, the client will be configured to automatically failover to the first server it can connect to.*Default:* empty list

## Performance tuning parameters for Corda Enterprise

The number of threads available to handle flows in parallel. This is the number of flows
that can run in parallel doing something and/or holding resources like database connections.

> A larger number of flows can be suspended, e.g. waiting for reply from a counterparty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A larger number of flows can be suspended, for example, waiting for reply from a counterparty.
```
